docs: improve design decisions development documentation (#7709)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/design-decisions.md

## Stateless

No state storage is needed on `renovate` or the source code repository apart from what you see publicly (branches, Pull Requests).
It, therefore, doesn't matter if you stop/restart the script.

> The script would even still work if you had it running from two different locations, as long as their configuration was the same.

Author: The whole "State storage" thing is still worded in a confusing way to me. I don't know how I can rewrite this to be more clear... Do you have any ideas?

## Synchronous Operation

The script processes repositories and branches within them synchronously.
This has the following benefits:

- Greatly reduces the chance of hitting simultaneous API rate limits
- Simplifies logging

## Cascading Configuration

> We use a cascading configuration.

Author: I hope this is better than what we had. Please check my list if this is the right order.

This means that specific configuration options always override more general configuration options.

From most specific to least specific:

1. Per-package configuration (e.g. with package rules)
1. Package-type configuration
1. Per-repository configuration
1. Global configuration

## Automatic discovery of package file locations

The default behaviour is to auto-discover all package file (e.g. `package.json`) locations in a repository and process them all.
Doing so means that "monorepos" are supported by default.

This behaviour can be overridden by the configuration option `includePaths`, where you list the file paths manually.
You could limit Renovate to only update the `package.json` in the root of the repository and ignore `package.json` files in other directories.

## Separate Branches per dependency

By default, `renovate` will maintain separate branches for each dependency.
So if 20 dependencies need updating, there will be at least 20 branches/PRs.
Although this may seem undesirable, it's even less desirable if all 20 were in the same Pull Request.

> That way it would be up to the users to determine which dependency upgrade(s) caused the build to fail.

Author: I've tried to improve this sentence by splitting it up, but it still a bit of an passive voice construct.
Do you have ideas to get the same point accross in a more active style of voice?

The `groupName` configuration option can be used at a repository level (e.g. give it the value `All`) and then all dependency updates will be in the same branch/PR.

## Separate Minor and Major PRs

`renovate` will create multiple branches/PRs if both major and minor branch upgrades are available.
For example, if the current example is 1.6.0 and upgrades to 1.7.0 and 2.0.0 exist, then `renovate` will raise PRs for both the 1.x upgrade(s) and 2.x upgrade(s).

Our reasons for separating minor and major PRs:

- It's often the case that projects can't upgrade major dependency versions immediately
- It's also often the case that previous major versions continue receiving Minor or Patch updates
- Projects should get Minor and Patch updates for their current Major release even if a new Major release exists

This behaviour can be overridden via the config option `separateMajorMinor`.

## Branch naming

Branches have names like `renovate/webpack-1.x` instead of `renovate/webpack-1.2.0`.

We do this because:

- Branches often receive updates (e.g. new patches) before they're merged
- Naming the branch like `1.x` means its name still names sense if a `1.2.1` release happens

> Note: You can configure the branch names by using a string template.

Author: Should we maybe say where this `string template` can be found?

## Pull Request Recreation

> By default, the script does not create a new PR if it finds an identical PR that's already closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the script does not create a new PR if it finds a previously-closed PR with the same branch name and PR title (assuming the PR title has a version in it).
```

This allows users to close unwelcome upgrade PRs and not worry about them being recreated every run.
Typically, this is most useful for major upgrades.

> This option is configurable. (WHERE/HOW???)

Author: If we're only saying, this option is configurable, it's not very much help without saying where/how this can be configured, I think?

> Typically, this is most useful for major upgrades.
> This option is configurable. (WHERE/HOW???)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

we can just remove this altogether
